Update README.md (#3)
jnettels/lpagg: README.md

of district energy systems. All settings have to be provided via a YAML
configuration file. LPagg was created as part of the publicly funded
project futureSuN<sup id="a4">[4](#f4)</sup>.

> With the correct settings you can get the settings of 
> [demandlib](https://github.com/oemof/demandlib/tree/features/add-vdi-from-lpagg). 
> With the configuration setting use_demandlib=true yo may choose to let the
> VDI 4655 profiles be generated by demandlib. See the following tabel for the 
> created profiles and sources.
> 
> |                  |                    | lpagg             | lpagg + demandlib    |
> | ---------------- | ------------------ | ----------------- | -------------------- |
> | HH (households)  | Heating            | VDI 4655 (lapgg)  | VDI 4655 (demandlib) |
> |                  | Domestic hot water | VDI 4655 (lapgg)  | VDI 4655 (demandlib) |
> |                  | Electricity        | VDI 4655 (lapgg)  | VDI 4655 (demandlib) |
> | GHD (commercial) | Heating            | futuresolar       | futuresolar          |
> |                  | Domstic hot water  | DOE               | DOE                  |
> |                  | Electricity        | BDEW-typical days | BDEW-typical days    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With the configuration setting ``use_demandlib=True`` you may choose to let the
VDI 4655 profiles be generated by [demandlib](https://github.com/oemof/demandlib). These functions are currently beeing ported over to demandlib, providing improved performance for large numbers of buildings.

The following table contains a summary of the available profiles and their sources:

|                  |                    | lpagg             | lpagg + demandlib    |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | ----------------- | -------------------- |
| HH (households)  | Heating            | VDI 4655 (lpagg)  | VDI 4655 (demandlib) |
|                  | Domestic hot water | VDI 4655 (lpagg)  | VDI 4655 (demandlib) |
|                  | Electricity        | VDI 4655 (lpagg)  | VDI 4655 (demandlib) |
| GHD (commercial) | Heating            | futuresolar       | futuresolar          |
|                  | Domestic hot water | DOE               | DOE                  |
|                  | Electricity        | BDEW-typical days | BDEW-typical days    |
```

configuration file. LPagg was created as part of the publicly funded
project futureSuN<sup id="a4">[4](#f4)</sup>.

With the configuration setting ``use_demandlib=True`` you may choose to let the

> VDI 4655 profiles be generated by [demandlib](https://github.com/oemof/demandlib). These functions are currently beeing ported over to demandlib, providing improved performance for large numbers of buildings.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VDI 4655 profiles be generated by [demandlib](https://github.com/oemof/demandlib).
These functions are currently being ported over to demandlib, providing improved
performance for large numbers of buildings.

```
